DOC Update prepare_data instructions (#235)
paris-saclay-cds/ramp-workflow: doc/data.rst

    df_test = pd.read_csv(os.path.join('data', 'test.csv'))

    # 2 - Perform any data cleaning and split into private train/test subsets,
    # if required. Neither steps required in this case.

    # 3 - Split public train/test subsets. In this case the private training
    # data will be used as the public data
    df_public = df_train
    df_public_train, df_public_test = train_test_split(
        df_public, test_size=0.2, random_state=57)
        # specify the random_state to ensure reproducibility
    df_public_train.to_csv(os.path.join('data', 'public', 'train.csv'), index=False)
    df_public_test.to_csv(os.path.join('data', 'public', 'test.csv'), index=False)

Note that the private training data was also used as the public data, due to
the small size of this dataset. At this stage we have 4 files in the ``data/``
directory:

* ``train.csv`` - private training data.
* ``test.csv`` - private testing data. **This should never be made public.**
* ``public/train.csv`` - in this case, this was a subset of the private
  training data ``train.csv``.
* ``public/test.csv`` - in this case, this was a subset of the private training
  data ``train.csv``.

> The public data files should be copied over to the 'ramp kit' directory
> on a RAMP server, when deploying an event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The public data files should be copied over to the 'ramp-kits/<your_starting_kit_name>/data/' directory on your deployment server (e.g. ramp.studio server), when deploying an event. 
```
